[DNS] Add multi-signer DNSSEC support to DevDocs (#8854)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/dns/dnssec/multi-signer-dnssec/about.md

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: About
weight: 4
meta:
    title: About multi-signer DNSSEC
---

# About multi-signer DNSSEC

{{<Aside>}}

> This is a simplified explanation to give you context and clarify what you will be configuring if you proceed to [set up multi-signer DNSSEC](/dns/dnssec/multi-signer-dnssec/setup//). For technical details refer to [RFC 8901](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8901). To read more about what is involved in DNSSEC, check [How DNSSEC works](https://www.cloudflare.com/dns/dnssec/how-dnssec-works/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a simplified explanation to give you context and clarify what you will be configuring if you proceed to [set up multi-signer DNSSEC](/dns/dnssec/multi-signer-dnssec/setup/). For technical details refer to [RFC 8901](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8901.html). To read more about what is involved in DNSSEC, refer to [How DNSSEC works](https://www.cloudflare.com/dns/dnssec/how-dnssec-works/).
```
I would use the same source for the RFC text as in the setup page (RFC Editor, which is the authoritative source according to IETF).

Author: So well spotted, thanks! I had added this link before I found our guidelines on the Wiki and then added a mental note to update it later but, of course, an actual paper post-it would have done a better job 😅

{{</Aside>}}

## How it works

Multi-signer DNSSEC looks into the chain of trust that is necessary for DNSSEC validation and leverages that to guarantee that validation is completed even when multiple providers are involved.

An example case where validation would otherwise be an issue is if a resolver has cached a [DNSKEY record set](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/dns/dns-records/dnskey-ds-records/) from one provider but receives a response signed by another provider.

In order to avoid issues in that case, when you set up multi-signer DNSSEC, you adjust:

1. The Zone Signing Keys (ZSK) that your DNS providers have in their DNSKEY record sets.

> 2. Who is responsible for the Secure Entry Point (SEP), Key Signing Keys (KSK) and Delegation Signer (DS) record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Who is responsible for the Secure Entry Point (SEP), Key Signing Keys (KSK), and Delegation Signer (DS) record.
```
